fix validate -i and -gr flags (#2738)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

> * Fixed an issue in the command **validate** where stating the flag *-i* with the flag *-gr* did not validate the content graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in **validate**, where using the `-gr` and `-i` flags did not run properly.
```
